README.md, before:

# eip-ero-register-checker-api
Spring Boot microservice that is :
- Consuming and handling SQS messages related to applicant's register checks.
- Exposing secured REST APIs to allow search and update operations related to applicant's register checks.

# External api dependencies
- Soft-wire IER api 
- [eip-ero-management-api](https://github.com/cabinetoffice/eip-ero-management-api)

## Developer Setup
### Kotlin API Developers

Configure your IDE with the code formatter (ktlint):
```
$ ./gradlew ktlintApplyToIdea
```
This only needs doing once to setup your IDE with the code styles.

#### Running Tests
In order to run the tests successfully, you will first need to set the `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY` environment variable (i.e.
within your .bash_profile or similar). Then run:
```
$ ./gradlew check
```
This will run the tests and ktlint. (Be warned, ktlint will hurt your feelings!)

#### Building docker images
```
$ ./gradlew check bootBuildImage
```
This will build a docker image for the Spring Boot application.

## Running the application
Either `./gradlew bootRun` or run the class `RegisterCheckerApiApplication`

### Authentication
Requests are assumed pre-authenticated which carry a header defined by property `REQUEST_HEADER_CLIENT_CERT_SERIAL` that is the authenticated EMS client certificate serial number

### External Environment Variables
The following environment variables must be set in order to run the application:
* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` - the AWS access key ID
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - the AWS secret access key
* `AWS_REGION` - the AWS region
- `REQUEST_HEADER_CLIENT_CERT_SERIAL` is the name of header required in request
- `API_ERO_MANAGEMENT_URL` - the base URL of the [ERO Management REST API service](https://github.com/cabinetoffice/eip-ero-management-api).
- `API_IER_BASE_URL` - the base URL of the external IER REST API service.
- `API_IER_STS_ASSUME_ROLE` - the IAM role in IER's AWS subscription that should be assumed in order to invoke IER REST API services.
- `SQS_EMS_CIDR_UPDATE_QUEUE_NAME` is the name of the queue for EMS CIDR update notifications from IER
- `SQS_INITIATE_APPLICANT_REGISTER_CHECK_QUEUE_NAME` - the queue name for requesting an automated check to determine if the applicant is on the electoral register

#### MYSQL Configuration
The application requires the following environment variables to connect to Mysql:
* `MYSQL_HOST`
* `MYSQL_PORT`
* `MYSQL_USER`
* `MYSQL_PASSWORD` - only used locally or when running tests

#### Liquibase Configuration
* `LIQUIBASE_CONTEXT` Contexts for liquibase scripts.
  For local setup use ddl.

Commit message:

Feature/eip1 2011 submit rc match message (#60)
* EIP1-493: EIP1-2011: submit rc result message to queue

add configuration for confirm-applicant-register-check-result-queue-name
add amazonSQSAsync in IntegrationTest to allow queue to be checked that a message was posted
add LocalStack config for queue confirm-applicant-register-check-result
add MessageQueue interface to allow messages to be posted
add spring bean confirmRegisterCheckResultMessageQueue
add mock-maker-inline config
add PersonalDetail/address builder from Dto to Model
add SqsSenderConfiguration to allow Localstack SQS to be reached
extend int test to verify message was sent
add queue message handlers
refactored RegisterCheckPersonalDetailBuilder methods into separate class
add assertMessageNotSubmittedToSqs

Co-authored-by: Vishal Gupta <vishal.gupta@valtech.com>

README.md, after:

# eip-ero-register-checker-api
Spring Boot microservice that is :
- Consuming and handling SQS messages related to applicant's register checks.
- Exposing secured REST APIs to allow search and update operations related to applicant's register checks.

# External api dependencies
- Soft-wire IER api 
- [eip-ero-management-api](https://github.com/cabinetoffice/eip-ero-management-api)

## Developer Setup
### Kotlin API Developers

Configure your IDE with the code formatter (ktlint):
```
$ ./gradlew ktlintApplyToIdea
```
This only needs doing once to setup your IDE with the code styles.

#### Running Tests
In order to run the tests successfully, you will first need to set the `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY` environment variable (i.e.
within your .bash_profile or similar). Then run:
```
$ ./gradlew check
```
This will run the tests and ktlint. (Be warned, ktlint will hurt your feelings!)

#### Building docker images
```
$ ./gradlew check bootBuildImage
```
This will build a docker image for the Spring Boot application.

## Running the application
Either `./gradlew bootRun` or run the class `RegisterCheckerApiApplication`

### Authentication
Requests are assumed pre-authenticated which carry a header defined by property `REQUEST_HEADER_CLIENT_CERT_SERIAL` that is the authenticated EMS client certificate serial number

### External Environment Variables
The following environment variables must be set in order to run the application:
* `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` - the AWS access key ID
* `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` - the AWS secret access key
* `AWS_REGION` - the AWS region
- `REQUEST_HEADER_CLIENT_CERT_SERIAL` is the name of header required in request
- `API_ERO_MANAGEMENT_URL` - the base URL of the [ERO Management REST API service](https://github.com/cabinetoffice/eip-ero-management-api).
- `API_IER_BASE_URL` - the base URL of the external IER REST API service.
- `API_IER_STS_ASSUME_ROLE` - the IAM role in IER's AWS subscription that should be assumed in order to invoke IER REST API services.
- `SQS_EMS_CIDR_UPDATE_QUEUE_NAME` is the name of the queue for EMS CIDR update notifications from IER
- `SQS_INITIATE_APPLICANT_REGISTER_CHECK_QUEUE_NAME` - the queue name for requesting an automated check to determine if the applicant is on the electoral register
- `SQS_CONFIRM_APPLICANT_REGISTER_CHECK_RESULT_QUEUE_NAME` - the queue name for responding with the result of the register check

#### MYSQL Configuration
The application requires the following environment variables to connect to Mysql:
* `MYSQL_HOST`
* `MYSQL_PORT`
* `MYSQL_USER`
* `MYSQL_PASSWORD` - only used locally or when running tests

#### Liquibase Configuration
* `LIQUIBASE_CONTEXT` Contexts for liquibase scripts.
  For local setup use ddl.
